<u>**Service purpose**</u> <br />
Amazon simple service storage service(Amazon S3) - in an object storage service.
Used for data-lakes, cloud-native applications and mobile apps.
Able to store some business data like analytics, log files, applications data,
videos and pictures, backups and archival.

<u>**Service benefits**</u> <br />
* scalability 
* data availability 
* performance.
* replication data to any region
* protection and security
* convenient reporting
* versioning
* audit logs
* ability to provide time-limited access
* monitoring
* etc..

<u>**Service limitations**</u> <br />
Object in S3 can be between 1 byte and 5TB.
Object is divided into chunks and S3 allows 5GB in a single upload.
S3 is an object storage and designed to store large files.

<u>**Programming languages**</u> <br />
-/-

<u>**Payment method**</u> <br />
Can be tuned in const-effective manner depending on needs.<br />
Should be choosen appropriate _storage class_ in range from immediate access 
to deep archive.

<u>**Related services**</u> <br />
Lambda functions, Cloud Watch, Cloud Trail, Step functions,
Athena, Redshift, Glacier

<u>**Additional information**</u> <br />
The basic storage unit is _bucket_. It can be mounted as a file system.
Objects are stored in buckets and identified by unique id. Bucket must
have the unique name as a well. Bucket is similar to file folder.
Buckets cannot exist inside of other buckets. <br />
Access to sensitive data is provided by machine learning with _Macie_. <br />
There are exists _Performance design patterns_ for amazon S3.

<span style="color: green">*TODO:// add references to related services*</span>